Alright! This concludes part of the
course on content negotiation with
Spring MVC. As you can see, we got into
some pretty interesting stuff here. We
got to introduce JAXB. JAXB has been
around like forever in the Java community
so I'm glad I was able to work it in for
you. It's not as prevalent anymore when
you start researching JAXB, you're
going to be seeing articles from like ten
years ago, but it is still very important
being able to render XML. So the Java community
being a strongly tech community, they
actually did really embrace XML so JAXB
is a very robust toolset so we've
really just scratched the surface
of what JAXB can do. But the
main takeaway here was how we can set up
Spring MVC to render alternative data
types through other than just JSON. Now
you can see how we can use content type
negotiation to allow the client to
specify what it wants from our API. So
personally, when developing API as I
believe this is a very friendly way to
allow the clients to say, hey I want
JSON or hey I want XML. So it is
important to have and as you get into
Enterprise, it is a very important upright
skill to have to be able to develop
APIs with XML.